Changelog 142 (#110)
intellij-rust/intellij-rust.github.io: _posts/2021-03-01-changelog-142.markdown

---
layout: post
title: "IntelliJ Rust Changelog #142"
date: 2021-03-01 17:00:00 +0300
---

## New Features

<!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/6877 -->
<!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/6835 -->
* Debugging is now available in [PyCharm Professional](https://www.jetbrains.com/pycharm/) and

>   [GoLand](https://www.jetbrains.com/go/) using

Reviewer: Note, we've already announced debugger support in GoLand in previous changelog.  
My suggestion for this item:
- drop info about GoLand
- add note that it's availbale only since 2021.1
- extract separate item that now the plugin suggest to install `Native Debugging Support` plugin if you try to run debug process in PyCharm Pro and GoLand

  [Native Debugging Support](https://plugins.jetbrains.com/plugin/12775-native-debugging-support) plugin

<!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/6807 -->
* `Change signature` (`Refactor | Change Signature` or <kbd>Ctrl+F6</kbd>) refactoring now allows you to choose a

>   default value for new parameters (by [@Kobzol])

Reviewer: gif?

## Fixes

* Improvements in [new name resolution](https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/issues/6217) engine
    <!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/6734 -->

>     * Fix resolve macro calls inside file included by `include!` macro

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Fix name resolution of macro calls inside file included by `include!` macro
```

Reviewer: "Resolve" is verb so let's use "name resolution" instead. Could you check all text, please?

    <!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/6730 -->
    * Support file level `cfg` attributes

    <!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/6721 -->
    * Support basic multi-resolve of inline modules

    <!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/6720 -->
    * Fix resolve inside cfg-disabled inline `mod`

    <!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/6773 -->
    * Use old resolve in test/bench non-workspace crates

  Note, you can enable the new engine via `Use experimental name resolution engine` option in

>   `Preferences | Languages & Frameworks | Rust settings`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  `Preferences | Languages & Frameworks | Rust` settings
```

<!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/6874 -->

> * Properly handle default type arguments in `Extract function` refactoring

Reviewer: Let's add path where this refactoring can be found and its shortcut in the same way as we did with "Change signature"

<!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/6869 -->
* Fix fetching info about items generated by build scripts. Note, the corresponding feature work only when
  `org.rust.cargo.evaluate.build.scripts` experimental feature is enabled

<!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/6855 -->
* Do not show incorrect move errors on a function pointer type used as a type parameter

<!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/6848 -->
* Support detecting [E0116](https://doc.rust-lang.org/error-index.html#E0116) “Inherent implementation
  defined for a type outside the current crate” for impls for trait objects

<!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/6786 -->
* Take `cfg` attributes into account when performing control-flow analysis

<!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/6715 -->

> * Instead of failing, `wasm-pack` configuration now suggests installing `wasm32-unknown-unknown` target if it isn't
>   installed yet

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Suggest installing `wasm32-unknown-unknown` target if it isn't installed yet when you try to run `wasm-pack` run configuration
```

or something similar. And I'd move it into feature section

<!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/6695 -->

> * Correctly handle `where` blocks when converting between structs and tuples in `Convert to block/tuple struct`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Correctly handle `where` blocks when converting between structs and tuples by `Convert to block/tuple struct`
```

>   intention (by [@Kobzol])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  refactorings (by [@Kobzol])
```

<!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/6655 -->
* Fix movement of match arms inside closures when performing `Move statement` actions
  (by [@t-kameyama])

<!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/6005 -->

> * Fix inlining of functions that reside in a different module when performing `Inline function` refactoring

Reviewer: Let's collect all fix items related to refatorings into single group

  (by [@SaarYogev])

<!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/4765 -->

> * Ignore underscore names during duplicates detection

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Ignore [underscore imports](https://doc.rust-lang.org/reference/items/use-declarations.html#underscore-imports) during duplicates detection
```

<!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/6846 -->
* Properly change state of optional dependencies in `Cargo.toml` tables

<!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/6818 -->

> * Fix crate registry index parsing when using experimental local crates index

Reviewer: Let's add a description how you can enable it

---
layout: post
title: "IntelliJ Rust Changelog #142"
date: 2021-03-01 17:00:00 +0300
---

## New Features

> * Debugging is now available in [PyCharm Professional](https://www.jetbrains.com/pycharm/) starting with 2021.1 EAPs

Reviewer: Let's add a note, that it requires [Native Debugging Support](https://plugins.jetbrains.com/plugin/12775-native-debugging-support) plugin and only LLDB is supported

* The [Native Debugging Support](https://plugins.jetbrains.com/plugin/12775-native-debugging-support) plugin is now
  being suggested when you try to debug your Rust code in [PyCharm Professional](https://www.jetbrains.com/pycharm/)
  and [GoLand](https://www.jetbrains.com/go/)

<!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/6807 -->
* `Change Signature` (`Refactor | Change Signature` or <kbd>Ctrl+F6</kbd>) refactoring now allows you to choose a
  default value for new parameters (by [@Kobzol])

  {% include gif-img.html path="/assets/posts/changelog-142/6807" w="700px" %}

* Suggest installing `wasm32-unknown-unknown` target if it isn't installed yet when you try to execute `wasm-pack`
  run configuration

## Fixes

* Improvements in [new name resolution](https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/issues/6217) engine
    <!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/6734 -->
    * Fix name resolution of macro calls inside file included by `include!` macro

    <!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/6730 -->
    * Support file level `cfg` attributes

    <!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/6721 -->

>     * Support basic multi-resolution of inline modules

Reviewer 2: I'm afraid "multi-resolution" might be hard to understand. What do you think about these options?
```suggestion
    * Allow references to resolve to multiple inline modules
```
```suggestion
    * Support name resolution to multiple inline modules
```

    <!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/6720 -->

>     * Fix name resolution inside cfg-disabled inline `mod`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    * Fix name resolution inside `cfg`-disabled inline modules
```

    <!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/6773 -->
    * Use old name resolution in test/bench non-workspace crates

  Note, you can enable the new engine via `Use experimental name resolution engine` option in
  `Preferences | Languages & Frameworks | Rust` settings

> * Refactoring improvements

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Refactoring improvements:
```

    <!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/6874 -->

>     * Properly handle default type arguments in `Extract Function` (`Refactor | Extract Method` or <kbd>Ctrl+F6</kbd>) refactoring

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    * Properly handle default type arguments in `Extract Function` (`Refactor | Extract Method` or <kbd>Ctrl</kbd>+<kbd>Alt</kbd>+<kbd>M</kbd>) refactoring
```
Looks like the shortcut is wrong

Author: I was also wondering what's the right name for this refactoring. In the refactorings list and in the search it is called `Extract Method`, but the window of it says `Extract Function` in the title.

Reviewer: I suppose `Extract Function` is ok here. For example, CLion help uses `Extract Function` name as well https://www.jetbrains.com/help/clion/extract-method.html#extract-function-procedure

    <!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/6005 -->

>     * Fix inlining of functions that reside in a different module when performing `Inline function` refactoring

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    * Delete redundant imports properly when performing `Inline function` refactoring on a function declared in a different module
```
IIUC this fix is only about deleting redundant imports, please correct if I'm wrong

>     * Delete redundant imports properly when performing `Inline Function` refactoring on a function declared in a\

Reviewer: Let's add a path to refactoring action and shortcut for it

    <!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/6695 -->

>     * Correctly handle `where` blocks when converting between structs and tuples by `Convert to block/tuple struct`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    * Properly handle `where` clauses when converting between structs and tuples using `Convert to block/tuple struct`
```
